_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: "Welcome to my website"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
Biography
======
Zijian Wang (王资健) is a Ph.D. candidate at the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, where he works at VClab with [Prof. Rafael Sacks](https://sacks.net.technion.ac.il/). He is also a Marie-Curie early-stage researcher in the [CBIM project](https://cbim2020.net.technion.ac.il/) received funding from EU Horizon 2020 (since November 2020). Before that, he obtained his master's degree in computer and machine vision from Cranfield University (2019 - 2020) and the second master's degree in civil engineering from Central South University. He received his bachelor's degree in civil engineering (underground and tunnel engineering) from Chongqing Jiaotong University (2014 - 2018). He also visited the University of Cambridge, Technical University of Munich, Nagaoka University of Technology in Japan and Thammasat University in Thailand. 

As an interdisciplinary researcher, he has strong background in both civil engineering and machine learning, and desires to promote the digitalization of construction industry by applying advanced computer science techniques. 



<br/>


Research Interests
======
**AI in BIM Graph.** We, the CBIM Technion research team, explore what the next generation of BIM is. Our answer is Cloud-based BIM (CBIM). My research is to test the most fundamental framework and techniques of CBIM -- graph representation of BIM models and semantic enrichment for BIM graphs. From a BIM view, my work is to explore all possible AI techniques to enrich BIM semantics, including inferring implicit BIM objects, BIM relationships, and across-domain BIM links. From a computer science view, I am dealing with graph node classification, single graph link prediction, multiple graph link prediction tasks by using graph neural networks (GNN), deep learning, and machine learning. 



<br/>


Selected Publications
======

- **Wang, Z.\***, Ouyang, B. and Sacks, R., 2023. Graph-based inter-domain consistency maintenance for BIM models. *Automation in Construction*, 154, p.104979. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.autcon.2023.104979)

- Sacks, R.\*, **Wang, Z.**, Ouyang, B., Utkucu, D., Chen, S., 2022. Toward artificially intelligent cloud-based building information modelling for collaborative multidisciplinary design. *Advanced Engineering Informatics*, p. 101711. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aei.2022.101711), [Data](https://github.com/terry-oy/CBIM-position)

- **Wang, Z.\***, Sacks, R. and Yeung, T., 2021. Exploring graph neural networks for semantic enrichment: Room type classification. *Automation in Construction*, p.104039. [Paper link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0926580521004908), [Source code](https://github.com/ZijianWang1995/SAGE-E)


- **Wang, Z.**, Cai, Z. and Wu, Y.\*, 2023. An improved YOLOX approach for low-light and small object detection: PPE on tunnel construction sites. Journal of Computational Design and Engineering, 10(3), pp.1158-1175. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1093/jcde/qwad042)




<br/>


News
======
July. 12, 2023, Received [Thorpe Medal](https://ec-3.org/awards/thorpe-metal/) from EC3. Visit the awarded paper which applies GNN to enrich BIM graphs [Paper link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0926580521004908)

Oct. 8, 2022, Started to visit [CMS chair](https://www.cee.ed.tum.de/cms/home/) led by [Prof. André Borrmann](https://www.professoren.tum.de/en/borrmann-andre)  at Technical University of Munich

Aug. 20, 2022, Published our first [CBIM position paper](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aei.2022.101711). We systematically describe what's the future of BIM collaboration

April 10, 2022, Started to visit [CIT lab](https://cit.eng.cam.ac.uk/) at the University of Cambridge

Dec. 1, 2021: Published our first [GNN in BIM paper](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0926580521004908) at Automation in Construction

Nov. 17, 2021: Defensed my PhD research proposal successfully. Became a Ph.D. candidate at the Technion

Oct. 14, 2021: Obtained the [Eastman Best Ph.D. Paper](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/cbim2020_cbim-bim-gnn-activity-6855036208762912768-vDRI) at the LDAC-CIB W78 2021 Conference ([paper](https://cbim2020.net.technion.ac.il/files/2021/10/w78-2021-paper-077.pdf))

Sept. 5, 2021: Delivered a seminar about my Ph.D. research proposal at the Technion ([recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPUmSKJYbcs&ab_channel=VirtualConstructionLabTechnion))

Nov. 5, 2020: Became a Marie-Curie researcher in [CBIM project](https://cbim2020.net.technion.ac.il/) and a Ph.D. student at the Technion

<br/>

Commit message:

add the generic SE paper

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: "Welcome to my website"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
Biography
======
Zijian Wang (王资健) is a Ph.D. candidate at the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, where he works at VClab with [Prof. Rafael Sacks](https://sacks.net.technion.ac.il/). He is also a Marie-Curie early-stage researcher in the [CBIM project](https://cbim2020.net.technion.ac.il/) received funding from EU Horizon 2020 (since November 2020). Before that, he obtained his master's degree in computer and machine vision from Cranfield University (2019 - 2020) and the second master's degree in civil engineering from Central South University. He received his bachelor's degree in civil engineering (underground and tunnel engineering) from Chongqing Jiaotong University (2014 - 2018). He also visited the University of Cambridge, Technical University of Munich, Nagaoka University of Technology in Japan and Thammasat University in Thailand. 

As an interdisciplinary researcher, he has strong background in both civil engineering and machine learning, and desires to promote the digitalization of construction industry by applying advanced computer science techniques. 



<br/>


Research Interests
======
**AI in BIM Graph.** We, the CBIM Technion research team, explore what the next generation of BIM is. Our answer is Cloud-based BIM (CBIM). My research is to test the most fundamental framework and techniques of CBIM -- graph representation of BIM models and semantic enrichment for BIM graphs. From a BIM view, my work is to explore all possible AI techniques to enrich BIM semantics, including inferring implicit BIM objects, BIM relationships, and across-domain BIM links. From a computer science view, I am dealing with graph node classification, single graph link prediction, multiple graph link prediction tasks by using graph neural networks (GNN), deep learning, and machine learning. 



<br/>


Selected Publications
======

- **Wang, Z.\***, Ouyang, B. and Sacks, R., 2023. Graph-based inter-domain consistency maintenance for BIM models. *Automation in Construction*, 154, p.104979. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.autcon.2023.104979)

- Sacks, R.\*, **Wang, Z.**, Ouyang, B., Utkucu, D., Chen, S., 2022. Toward artificially intelligent cloud-based building information modelling for collaborative multidisciplinary design. *Advanced Engineering Informatics*, p. 101711. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aei.2022.101711), [Data](https://github.com/terry-oy/CBIM-position)

- **Wang, Z.\***, Sacks, R., Ouyang, B., Ying, H. and Borrmann, A., 2023. A Framework for Generic Semantic Enrichment of BIM Models. *Journal of Computing in Civil Engineering*, 38(1), pp. 1–18. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1061/JCCEE5.CPENG-5487)

- **Wang, Z.\***, Sacks, R. and Yeung, T., 2021. Exploring graph neural networks for semantic enrichment: Room type classification. *Automation in Construction*, p.104039. [Paper link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0926580521004908), [Source code](https://github.com/ZijianWang1995/SAGE-E)


- **Wang, Z.**, Cai, Z. and Wu, Y.\*, 2023. An improved YOLOX approach for low-light and small object detection: PPE on tunnel construction sites. Journal of Computational Design and Engineering, 10(3), pp.1158-1175. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1093/jcde/qwad042)




<br/>


News
======
July. 12, 2023, Received [Thorpe Medal](https://ec-3.org/awards/thorpe-metal/) from EC3. Visit the awarded paper which applies GNN to enrich BIM graphs [Paper link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0926580521004908)

Oct. 8, 2022, Started to visit [CMS chair](https://www.cee.ed.tum.de/cms/home/) led by [Prof. André Borrmann](https://www.professoren.tum.de/en/borrmann-andre)  at Technical University of Munich

Aug. 20, 2022, Published our first [CBIM position paper](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aei.2022.101711). We systematically describe what's the future of BIM collaboration

April 10, 2022, Started to visit [CIT lab](https://cit.eng.cam.ac.uk/) at the University of Cambridge

Dec. 1, 2021: Published our first [GNN in BIM paper](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0926580521004908) at Automation in Construction

Nov. 17, 2021: Defensed my PhD research proposal successfully. Became a Ph.D. candidate at the Technion

Oct. 14, 2021: Obtained the [Eastman Best Ph.D. Paper](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/cbim2020_cbim-bim-gnn-activity-6855036208762912768-vDRI) at the LDAC-CIB W78 2021 Conference ([paper](https://cbim2020.net.technion.ac.il/files/2021/10/w78-2021-paper-077.pdf))

Sept. 5, 2021: Delivered a seminar about my Ph.D. research proposal at the Technion ([recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPUmSKJYbcs&ab_channel=VirtualConstructionLabTechnion))

Nov. 5, 2020: Became a Marie-Curie researcher in [CBIM project](https://cbim2020.net.technion.ac.il/) and a Ph.D. student at the Technion

<br/>
