_pages/publications.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Publications"
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

---------------------------------------------
​***Graph Representation of BIM Models** (Ph.D. Project at Technion)*

[12] **Wang, Z.\***, Ouyang, B. and Sacks, R., 2023. Graph-based inter-domain consistency maintenance for BIM models. *Automation in Construction*, 154, p.104979. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.autcon.2023.104979)

[11]   **Wang, Z.\***, Ying, H., Sacks, R. and Borrmann, A., 2023. CBIM: A Graph-based Approach to Enhance Interoperability Using Semantic Enrichment. In *Proc. of The 30th EG-ICE: International Conference on Intelligent Computing in Engineering*. [Paper link](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/bartlett/construction/sites/bartlett_construction/files/1339.pdf)

[10]  **Wang, Z.\***, Ouyang, B. and Sacks, R., 2023. CBIM: object-level cloud collaboration platform for supporting across-domain asynchronous design. In *Proceedings of the 2023 European Conference on Computing in Construction and the 40th International CIB W78 Conference*. [Paper link](https://ec-3.org/publications/conference/paper/?id=EC32023_189)

[9]  Sacks, R.\*, **Wang, Z.**, Ouyang, B., Utkucu, D., Chen, S., 2022. Toward artificially intelligent cloud-based building information modelling for collaborative multidisciplinary design. *Advanced Engineering Informatics*, p. 101711. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aei.2022.101711), [Data](https://github.com/terry-oy/CBIM-position)

[8] Ouyang, B., **Wang, Z.\***, Sacks, R., 2022. Semantic Enrichment of Object Associations across Federated BIM Semantic Graphs in a Common Data Environment. In *Proc. of European Conference on Product and Process Modeling (ECPPM) 2022*. [Paper link](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/363700471_Semantic_Enrichment_of_Object_Associations_across_Federated_BIM_Semantic_Graphs_in_a_Common_Data_Environment)

[7] **Wang, Z.\***, Sacks, R. and Yeung, T., 2021. Exploring graph neural networks for semantic enrichment: Room type classification. *Automation in Construction*, p.104039. [Paper link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0926580521004908), [Source code](https://github.com/ZijianWang1995/SAGE-E)

[6] **Wang, Z.**, Yeung, T., Sacks, R.\* and Su, Z., 2021, October. Room Type Classification for Semantic Enrichment of Building Information Modeling Using Graph Neural Networks. In *Proc. of the Conference CIB W78* (Vol. 2021, pp. 11-15). **Best Paper Award** [Paper link](http://itc.scix.net/paper/w78-2021-paper-077)

---------------------------------------------

***PPE Detection by Deep Learning** (Graduate Project at Cranfield)*

[5] **Wang, Z.**, Cai, Z. and Wu, Y.\*, 2023. An improved YOLOX approach for low-light and small object detection: PPE on tunnel construction sites. *Journal of Computational Design and Engineering*, 10(3), pp.1158-1175. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1093/jcde/qwad042)

[4] **Wang, Z.**, Wu, Y., Yang, L., Thirunavukarasu, A., Evison, C. and Zhao, Y.\*, 2021. Fast personal protective equipment detection for real construction sites using deep learning approaches. *Sensors*, *21*(10), p.3478. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.3390/s21103478), [Dataset in GitHub](https://github.com/ZijianWang1995/PPE_detection)

------------------------------------

***Temperature Distribution in Cold-region Tunnels**  (Graduate Project at CSU)*

[3] Peng, X., Yimin, W., **Wang, Z.\*** and Le, H., 2020. Distribution laws of freeze-thaw cycles and unsaturated concrete experiments in cold-region tunnels. *Cold Regions Science and Technology*, 172, p.102985. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.coldregions.2019.102985)

[2] Wu, Y., Xu, P.\*, Li, W., **Wang, Z.**, Cai, Z. and Shao, S., 2020. Distribution rules and key features for the lining surface temperature of road tunnels in cold regions. *Cold regions science and technology*, 172, p.102979. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.coldregions.2019.102979)

------------------------------------

***Tunnel 3D Reconstruction**  (Undergraduate Project at CQJTU)* 
   
[1] **Wang, Z.**, Ma H., Xiong Y., Yang Q., Zheng J.\*, 2018. The method of tunnel 3D reconstruction basing on changeable photography. *Science of Surveying and Mapping (in Chinese)*. 06, 72-77. [Paper link](https://kns.cnki.net/KCMS/detail/detail.aspx?dbcode=CJFQ&dbname=CJFDLAST2018&filename=CHKD201806012&v=MjcxNjJDVVI3cWZadVJ1Rml6aFVMdkpKaVhBYXJHNEg5bk1xWTlFWm9SOGVYMUx1eFlTN0RoMVQzcVRyV00xRnI=)


   ------------------------------

Commit message:

add the generic SE paper

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Publications"
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

---------------------------------------------
​***Graph Representation of BIM Models** (Ph.D. Project at Technion)*

[13] **Wang, Z.\***, Sacks, R., Ouyang, B., Ying, H. and Borrmann, A., 2023. A Framework for Generic Semantic Enrichment of BIM Models. *Automation in Construction*, 154, p.104979. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.autcon.2023.104979)

[12] **Wang, Z.\***, Ouyang, B. and Sacks, R., 2023. Graph-based inter-domain consistency maintenance for BIM models. *Automation in Construction*, 154, p.104979. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.autcon.2023.104979)

[11]   **Wang, Z.\***, Ying, H., Sacks, R. and Borrmann, A., 2023. CBIM: A Graph-based Approach to Enhance Interoperability Using Semantic Enrichment. In *Proc. of The 30th EG-ICE: International Conference on Intelligent Computing in Engineering*. [Paper link](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/bartlett/construction/sites/bartlett_construction/files/1339.pdf)

[10]  **Wang, Z.\***, Ouyang, B. and Sacks, R., 2023. CBIM: object-level cloud collaboration platform for supporting across-domain asynchronous design. In *Proceedings of the 2023 European Conference on Computing in Construction and the 40th International CIB W78 Conference*. [Paper link](https://ec-3.org/publications/conference/paper/?id=EC32023_189)

[9]  Sacks, R.\*, **Wang, Z.**, Ouyang, B., Utkucu, D., Chen, S., 2022. Toward artificially intelligent cloud-based building information modelling for collaborative multidisciplinary design. *Advanced Engineering Informatics*, p. 101711. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.aei.2022.101711), [Data](https://github.com/terry-oy/CBIM-position)

[8] Ouyang, B., **Wang, Z.\***, Sacks, R., 2022. Semantic Enrichment of Object Associations across Federated BIM Semantic Graphs in a Common Data Environment. In *Proc. of European Conference on Product and Process Modeling (ECPPM) 2022*. [Paper link](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/363700471_Semantic_Enrichment_of_Object_Associations_across_Federated_BIM_Semantic_Graphs_in_a_Common_Data_Environment)

[7] **Wang, Z.\***, Sacks, R. and Yeung, T., 2021. Exploring graph neural networks for semantic enrichment: Room type classification. *Automation in Construction*, p.104039. [Paper link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0926580521004908), [Source code](https://github.com/ZijianWang1995/SAGE-E)

[6] **Wang, Z.**, Yeung, T., Sacks, R.\* and Su, Z., 2021, October. Room Type Classification for Semantic Enrichment of Building Information Modeling Using Graph Neural Networks. In *Proc. of the Conference CIB W78* (Vol. 2021, pp. 11-15). **Best Paper Award** [Paper link](http://itc.scix.net/paper/w78-2021-paper-077)

---------------------------------------------

***PPE Detection by Deep Learning** (Graduate Project at Cranfield)*

[5] **Wang, Z.**, Cai, Z. and Wu, Y.\*, 2023. An improved YOLOX approach for low-light and small object detection: PPE on tunnel construction sites. *Journal of Computational Design and Engineering*, 10(3), pp.1158-1175. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1093/jcde/qwad042)

[4] **Wang, Z.**, Wu, Y., Yang, L., Thirunavukarasu, A., Evison, C. and Zhao, Y.\*, 2021. Fast personal protective equipment detection for real construction sites using deep learning approaches. *Sensors*, *21*(10), p.3478. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.3390/s21103478), [Dataset in GitHub](https://github.com/ZijianWang1995/PPE_detection)

------------------------------------

***Temperature Distribution in Cold-region Tunnels**  (Graduate Project at CSU)*

[3] Peng, X., Yimin, W., **Wang, Z.\*** and Le, H., 2020. Distribution laws of freeze-thaw cycles and unsaturated concrete experiments in cold-region tunnels. *Cold Regions Science and Technology*, 172, p.102985. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.coldregions.2019.102985)

[2] Wu, Y., Xu, P.\*, Li, W., **Wang, Z.**, Cai, Z. and Shao, S., 2020. Distribution rules and key features for the lining surface temperature of road tunnels in cold regions. *Cold regions science and technology*, 172, p.102979. [Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.coldregions.2019.102979)

------------------------------------

***Tunnel 3D Reconstruction**  (Undergraduate Project at CQJTU)* 
   
[1] **Wang, Z.**, Ma H., Xiong Y., Yang Q., Zheng J.\*, 2018. The method of tunnel 3D reconstruction basing on changeable photography. *Science of Surveying and Mapping (in Chinese)*. 06, 72-77. [Paper link](https://kns.cnki.net/KCMS/detail/detail.aspx?dbcode=CJFQ&dbname=CJFDLAST2018&filename=CHKD201806012&v=MjcxNjJDVVI3cWZadVJ1Rml6aFVMdkpKaVhBYXJHNEg5bk1xWTlFWm9SOGVYMUx1eFlTN0RoMVQzcVRyV00xRnI=)


   ------------------------------
